== Reservester Application

This Rails application is an OpenTable clone built during mainly during my time at Startup Institute. In essence, a restaurant reservations web application through which I was introduced to the Rails MVC Framework. 

== Technologies Worked With

Through Reservester I explored the following technology stack (including gems):

1. HTML (erb)
2. Twitter Bootstrap HTML+CSS
3. Ruby
4. Javascript
5. jQuery
6. PostgreSQL
7. Amazon AWS S3
8. Heroku
9. Devise
10. Figaro
11. RMagick/ImageMagick


== Features

Reservester is currently capable of the following:

1. Listing restaurants (done through an owners account) containing the following fields of information:
  * Name
  * Description
  * Address
  * Phone Number
  * Category - currently each restaurant has one category. Multi-Category search pending.
  * Reservations - field only available for each owner. Users may make reservations and receive an email confirmation. Each restaurants owner may view a particular restaurants reservation from the restaurants show page.

2. Owner Dashboard - once logged in owners have access to a dashboard listing their Reservester restaurants and other pertinent information. 

3. Mailer - Reservester is currently capable of sending email confirmations utilizing an email template to users who have made reservations. Emails list Reservation information.

== Known Issues

1. NavBar Formatting - I would like to spend some time making tweaks to the application layout. 

2. Categories - restaurants currently only have a short list of categories to be listed under from which only one can be chosen.

3. Seeds file needs additional work as I continue to learn how to properly use it.

== Future Work

Some changes I'd like to make before feeling like I'd like to move on to other side projects:

1. Multi-Category Search
2. Reservations limitations based on restaurant capacity
3. Front-End Layout Tweaks

